He must be lying to you.
How do you know?
His plan is perfect, isn't it?
Mr. Gu, don't be deceived by him
This kid has always lied before
Mr. Gu, I am actually his ex-wife
He was completely different before and after marriage
Otherwise, I wouldn't have divorced him
Think about it.
A man who is not faithful to his marriage
How can you possibly be serious in your career?
Wu Sisi, stop talking nonsense there
When did I lie to Mr. Gu?
You see he's still quibbling
Sisi, you slander me
Okay.
I don't have time for your chores
He lied to me. He didn't lie to me. I didn't care.
I only care about this plan
There is absolutely no problem with Mr. Gu's plan
If you say no problem, it will be fine.
There are so many safety hazards in this flying car
Why didn't you write it in the plan?
Xiao Qi
Tell me in detail
Mr. Gu's flying car safety hazard
The blockage, for example
What should I do if I encounter a malfunction during the flight?
Suddenly fall
What about the safety of the driver and passengers?
How to control in the air
How to divide the flight area and so on and so on
Xiao Song, Mr. Gu
I'm not saying flying cars won't work.
But in terms of current domestic technology
As long as you invest
at least
It will take another 10 years to solve these hidden dangers
The 100 billion you will invest by then
But that's a big level